my name is Lucia and I work as a 3d
project manager in trade marketing
agency in cloud know in Czech Republic
and what we produce here are the 3d
display models and then the in store
materials sometimes I am cooperating on
the project for Maryland for Legoland so
you would probably find some models in
Legoland that I was the project manager
on it's always a team work I have to say
it's always about a whole bunch of
people working on the project I have to
say every single project is challenged
and it's something that it's new in some
ways because you need to find a way how
to do it working on that project a
different team or you have different
issues that you have to solve sometimes
the challenge is the the model itself
when it's too complicated too complex
and the recent project I can think of
was the tower for Japan for Tokyo they
built the the tower which is actually
recently being built there right in
Tokyo as a real building it's not
finished yet but we finished first
we've done the lego model and it was 5
meter high which is quite high and as
the II Japanese are using special
technology which they use in the real
buildings
to protect them from the earthquake it
was big it was big challenge for us to
get it done in bricks because when you
are building out of bricks you can do
almost anything
but you can't avoid some limits saying
that was the challenge that we have to
solve me as a project manager I have to
cooperate with the departments here in
Kladno or I also cooperate with
colleagues in in Denmark and with
colleagues in us and as most of the
people who are working for Lego are kind
of playing and they work it's it's
always fun and it's over
good to talk to them and then it comes
to my colleague which are sitting here
in cloud no it's very easy to talk to
them it's quite fun to work on the
projects because those people are very
creative and for me as a project manager
and I'm like covering sort of the whole
project I'm not the create creative one
it's always fun to get together and have
the best or means and see other ideas
and other point of views and it's always
very friendly atmosphere and it's very
nice to work you have to say